# LLM-As-A-Dev Experiment 2: Distill

- insert demo loom
- Last one used Python, and even though I hadn't written any in months, i was at home
- Wanted to try and write something that I'd use personally
- Problem statement : read things and forget, manually gotta summarize for second brain etc.
- If there was a browser extension that followed me around and summarized things for me so I could quickly grasp the context, or re-read the summary to remember what it was about.
- alternatives: bearly is expensive with high profit margins and summari wasn't that good.
- hadn't written an extension before, am not a frontend dev and horrible at js. Perfect experiment.

How it went:

- similar to last time, went up very fast.
- but then struggled with manifest v3 and cross-browser stuff
- like permissions, CORS and all those rtestrictions browsers put in place for security wasn't explained in either content_scripts or background.js
- started with always-on server on replit and extension that extracts html and sends there, powered by @mozilla/readability
- also wanted it to work on youtube
- also wanted it to become a critical reading companion
- moved to a parcel2 framework for extensions (link here)
- got rid of the server and brought everything to the frontend so you don't have to pay me anything.
- installation links for chromium, firefox, and link to code.

[Link to the code]()

- end of experiment 2. thoughts:
  - still need to know what you're doing when you're using these tools because subtle bugs can creep in and you can waste a lot of time.
  - very good to get you started with a barebones things so you can start tinkering around and learn and iterate fast.
  - another way is to direct it like a manager and use it to flesh out details (need to write intelligent comments and structure code into proper modules first)
  - excited about agentic ai <link to next gen Codex video>
